The Goal of the Game:
A free, fun, money making, sandbox mmo with clean but simple visuals and pleasant sounds. A game that is easy to add to
but complex in the depths of what it has to offer. I want you to feel alone but also with family. 
A personal goal of mine is to make the game so that you can play peacfully. Just because it is a game of chaos doesn't mean
you shouldn't be able to enjoy a flower. Animals, and creatures don't just kill you because that's just not how that works, 
aside from purely chaotic things in life, becuase if you were to think of a bear in real life a bear doesn't just kill you 
but it is protecting itself from you because as most things in life it's simply trying to survive. Unless you are in a world 
of chaos you should not have to fight for your life. Players should be your biggest fear, not nature.

-Ear Crisping sounds: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lioz680IBWg
- Amazing Depth and Intriguing Art
- Spook Sounds: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiJZkpEuecc
- Good Connection: Let people from garbage cities play the game.

The point of the game: The quests, and the creative freedom. Players need to enjoy the interactiviy of other players.


People working on the Project:
George Hennen: Lead, Design, Art
Thibs: Lead, Programmer
Wurmzy: Music and Audio


Making the Game:

Part 1: Core
The core of the game is things like base networking and physics. Anything that will be needed later and wouldn't be wise
to create later. (Libraries, Fonts, whatever).



Part 2: The Players Core
The Player needs a few things to make it so we can infinitally build off of him without needing to add new systems later
for items, inventory, building.. so on. 



Part 3: Online Services
This is stuff like the main menu, joining the servers, chat, commands, fun stuff, groups, reporting people, admininstartion,
cheating, ect.



Part 4: AI Implementation
Here we need to do like we did for the player and make a really good core to build off of so we never have to do it again.


Part 5: World Generation
Here we need to make the core of generation so we never have to do it again and make a world to make it so players can start
playing around in the world and coming up with stuff they may want. Once this part is done we can have betas and by then
there will be some traction to the game (enough to have proper play sessions).



Part 6: The Rest
The rest of the process will be making the game feature rich and using the systems we made before to make a lot of cool shit.




